Fixed Azure Portal link and filtered returned tags (#23165)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/violet-chicken-smell.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-azure-sites-backend': minor
---

> Azure Sites list now hides the internal/microsoft only `hidden-` tags from the list of tags that are returned. Updated the logstreamHref to /logstream-quickstart rather than just /logstream to stream logs in the current Azure Portal UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Sites list now hides the internal/microsoft only `hidden-` tags from the list of tags that are returned. Updated the log endpoint to /logstream-quickstart rather than just /logstream to stream logs in the Azure Portal UI.
```
